[ENH] Steering Group meeting shareables (#102)
bids-standard/bids-website: _posts/2020-03-12-Steering-Group-executive-summary,-action-items,-and-minutes.md

---
title: Steering Group executive summary, action items, and minutes
author: Franklin Feingold
display: true
---

# Steering Group executive summary, action items, and minutes

Date: Thursday February 13, 2020
Attended: Franklin Feingold, Melanie Ganz, Guiomar Niso, Robert Oostenveld, Kirstie Whitaker

> 

Reviewer: please insert a line with ```<!--more-->``` here

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!--more-->
```

### Executive Summary

We discussed the channels through which to share updates to the BIDS specification.
An issue was opened to start crowdsourcing and collecting this information.

> We will be using this to share the release of v1.2.2 and to request the final rounds of feedback on the Genetic information extension.

Reviewer 2: "an issue was opened" --> a GitHub issue? If yes, include number+link

We will be using **this** --> what do you mean with "this"? The issue? The info gained from responses to the issue?

Genetric information extension --> add BEP number and link

> We discussed generating an example slide deck that  community members can  use (or pick from) when they want to present BIDS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We discussed generating an example slide deck that community members can  use (or pick from) when they want to present BIDS.
```

> We discussed considerations for when to open a repository under the BIDS standard organization on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: One more sentence explaining the context ... e.g., starting with: "bids-standard is a GitHub org ... community members have in the past decided to open new repositories under the GH org umbrella ... now we want to clarify some rules for this ..."

There should be multiple people committed to the repository (otherwise it is better of under the personal GitHub account), the maintainers should be clearly identifiable (e.g. as a CODEOWNERS file at top level), there should be a code of conduct in the repo that is consistent with that of the BIDS specification, and (as a consequence of the code of conduct) the repository should welcome contributions from others.

> We want to host another community forum (but not too frequent) and potentially a starter kit/demo in the Open Science Room at OHBM.

Reviewer 2: add link to community forum blog post on website

> Regarding issue [#407](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/407), we consider Zenodo to be a suitable  the location to store historical specification pdfs, also for future versions.

Reviewer 2: instead of "regarding issue XXX"

better use "regarding the discussion on where historical pdfs should be hosted (see issue XXX) ..."

### Action Items

| Action Item |
| -------- |
| Codify rules for making a repo under BIDS standard     |
| Action items continued |
| Share meeting executive summary, minutes, and action items on website |
| KW item: getting time in OSR for BIDS community forum and starter kit |
| Compile list of channels to share BIDS related information on |
| Send v1.2.2 release and genetic information call to distribution list |

### Minutes

Discussed channels to share BIDS related information: FreeSurfer, FSL, SPM, BIDS website-news

> Items to share: 1.2.2 release, Genetic information

Reviewer 2: again, name BEP number of genetic information

### Executive Summary

We discussed the channels through which to share updates to the BIDS specification.

> [An issue](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/issues/415) was opened to start crowdsourcing and collecting this information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A [GitHub issue](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/issues/415) was opened to start crowdsourcing and collecting this information.
```

> We will be using this list of channels to share the release of v1.2.2 and to request the final rounds of feedback on the Genetic information extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will be using the resulting list of communication channels to share the release of v1.2.2 and to request the final rounds of feedback on the Genetic information extension ([BEP018](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uRkgyzESLKuGjXi98Z97Wh6vt-iLN5nOAb9TG16CjUs/)).
```

We discussed generating an example slide deck that community members can  use (or pick from) when they want to present BIDS.

We discussed considerations for when to open a repository under the BIDS standard organization on GitHub.

> Previously, community members have opened repositories under our BIDS standard organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, community members have opened repositories under the BIDS [GitHub organization](https://help.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/about-organizations) named [`bids-standard`](https://github.com/bids-standard/).
```

We want to codify guidelines to govern this.

> The plan is that there should be multiple people committed to the repository (otherwise it is better of under the personal GitHub account), the maintainers should be clearly identifiable (e.g. as a CODEOWNERS file at top level), there should be a code of conduct in the repo that is consistent with that of the BIDS specification, and (as a consequence of the code of conduct) the repository should welcome contributions from others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plan is that there should be multiple people committed to the repository (otherwise it is better of under the personal GitHub account), the maintainers should be clearly identifiable (e.g., as a [CODEOWNERS file](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners) at top level), there should be a code of conduct in the repo that is consistent with that of the BIDS specification, and (as a consequence of the code of conduct) the repository should welcome contributions from others.
```

We want to host another [Community Forum](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/2020/01/02/announcement-community-forum-events.html) (but not too frequent) and potentially a starter kit/demo in the Open Science Room at OHBM.

> Regarding discussions on where to host our historical specification pdfs (please refer to issue [#407](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/407)), we consider Zenodo to be a suitable  the location to store our specification pdfs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regarding discussions on where to host our historical specification pdfs (please refer to issue [#407](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/407)), we consider Zenodo to be a suitable location to store our specification pdfs.
```
